---
title: Pinandhita 論理型 - Pricing and Commission Timeslot
tags:
  - pinandhita
  - commission
---
Here are the prices for our commission products. Some of the prices in USD TBA.

This is more of a reference/price transparency. We won't ask you to count the prices yourself, don't worry :)

## Prices

- Manga/Doujinshi (Hentai/Non-H)
    - Translation per page:
	    Indonesian Pricing:
        - Rp. 5.000 *(1-75 words per page)*
        - Rp. 8.000 *(76+ words per page)*
        International Pricing:
        - USD 1.25 *(1-75 words per page)*
        - USD 1.5 *(76+ words per page)*
    - Editing and Typesetting per page:
		Indonesian Pricing:
		- Rp. 3.000 **(simple edit detailing needed, or medium edit detailing but the amount is negligible)**
		- Rp. 5.000 **(medium to intricate redraw needed)**
        International Pricing:
        - USD 1 *(single page)*, then 0.75 *(2 pages and above)* **(simple edit & redraw needed, or medium redraw but the amount is negligible)**
        - USD 1 **(medium to intricate redraw needed)**

- Documents:
	Rp. 99.000 *(per pages, roughly 250 words per page)*
	- Document Editor/Proofreader:
		Rp. 800 *(regular, target language is **Indonesian**)*
		Rp. 1.000 *(regular, target language is **English)***

- Book/Book Chapter Translation (fiction/non-fiction):
    - Fiction: Rp. 1.000/words *(regular)*
    - Non-fiction: Rp. 900/words *(regular)*
    *Word count is counted from source text*. 

## Timeslot / Work duration

All timeslots are of regular timeslot. Currently we cannot offer an express timeslot with faster working duration.

- Manga/Doujinshi Translation:
	Final timeframe is still being made, but at most, our estimation is *3-4 weeks* per **20 pages** of doujinshi. *Higher density of text/sfx will increase the time estimation quite a bit*.
	
- Document Translation:
    - 1-5 pages: *2 business days*
    - 6-15 pages: *3 business day*
    - 16-25 pages: *4 business days*
    - 26-35 pages: *5 business days*
    - 36-55 pages: *6 business days*
    - 56-75 pages: *7 business days*
    - 76-100 pages: *10 business days*
 
- Book/Book Chapter Translation:
	As we haven't done any test portofolio for this, we are unable to give an estimate right now.